my hamstrings have always been tight hey
David how do I fix that oh I got you
first
test yeah we can improve that for sure
exercise one elephant walks hinge your
hips Bend one knee and then switch it to
the other side we're going to do for 30
reps how do you feel much better okay
exercise two single leg RDL Bend one
knee use your toes on the ground as a
kickstand hinge forward lift your chest
upright nice and slow we're do this
around 10 times on each side if you
start shaking that's normal
too and exercise three grab whatever you
can and pull your head toward your feet
hold it for 30 seconds now check this
out I don't I'm sweating now you can't
skip this step it's the most important
part spin around three times you have to
spin both ways right there's good face
the camera flexs your quads Palms on the
ground all the way down yep there you go
oh my god look how easy that was
oh let's go oh my God stay
flexy what yeah